Hello my friends welcome to this new practical activity and the first practical activity actually of
Part Three classification.
I'm super excited as you might hear by the sound of my voice because this is one of my favorite parts.
And actually you will see that the case study we will do together is pretty fun.
So I can't wait to start.
Welcome back.
And so now here we go.
We are about to enter a new branch of machine learning where at this time we won't predict a continuous
numerical value like in part two regression but this time we will predict a category.
You know a class like for example you know a binary variable 0 or 1 1 The classic example is actually
two classification to predict a tumor.
You know whether a tumor is benign or malignant.
And this is actually the case study we'll do a DNA you know when I will teach you on how to select the
best classification model but that will come at the end.
First we will do a fun case study with which we will learn how to build each of our classification models.
And there you go my friends.
It is and destroy all that I will explain the problem of this case study.
All right.
So before we start let's just make sure once again everyone here is on the same page.
So right before this tutorial I give you the link to this folder containing all the codes and data sets
in the 10 parts.
So make sure to connect to that link.
And now now we should all be on the same page.
And there you go.
We're going to go into Part Three classification to tackle our first model logistic regression.
I hope you enjoyed the intuition lectures and mostly that you are now ready to put your well learned
theory into practice.
And we're going to put it into practice first with Python with which we're going to reemployment from
scratch.
And step by step the whole logistic regression implementation.
So as you can see in this python folder you have two files first.
Well that logistic regression implementation in IP one B format which you can open with either Google
collaboratively or duper notebook and you have the data set which is called social network ads.
So let's open it and now let me explain what the problem is about.
All right.
So let's imagine our favorite car company I won't mention a name here because I don't want to do any
kind of advertising.
But let us imagine your favorite car company and let's imagine that you are a data scientist for that
company and your mission should you choose to accept it is to predict which of your previous customers
will buy a brand new beautiful SUV just created by your favorite car company.
All right so your favorite car company has just released this brand new beautiful irresistible SUV and
the general manager of this car company has asked you you know the most talented data scientists at
the company to predict which customers will buy that new SUV with the highest conversion rate.
And to help you because you know this general manager has some minimum data science skills and knows
and understands that in order to predict this you need data right.
Data on which to train your classification model to predict what needs to be predicted meaning which
customers will buy that brand new SUV.
And so there you go.
That's exactly the data that your general manager gave you.
And in this data set.
Well each row corresponds to different customers and for each of these customers there you go.
I'm about to reveal the features ended up being viable for each of these customers.
Well this general manager collected the age and it collected the estimated salary because you know when
a customer buys a new car with some kind of credit or whatever.
Well it has to provide the estimated salary in the form.
So that's how it got the estimated salary.
And finally that's your dependent variable of course the chase variable telling whether or not these
customers have put previously some older SUV use of this car company.
Right.
So this car company has basically many makes and models of SUV and all the zeros and the ones that you
see here for each customer is seeing whether or not these customers have bought one of these previous
SUV so that your model will be trained on these data sets and for new customers you know having a different
age and different estimated salary.
Well we will predict if yes or no they will buy that new SUV.
OK.
So of course in this dependent variable purchased zero means that the customer didn't buy any previous
SUV and one means that the customer but some previous SUV.
All right.
And therefore all the future predictions that will be equal to one will probably mean that the customer
has a high chance to buy the new SUV if of course we offer a great deal.
And finally once we predict the customers that are going to buy the SUV while the final step of the
strategy will be for the advertising team to post ads of this brand new SUV on social networks and these
ads will be targeted to the customers where we predict one you know where we predict that they're going
to buy that new SUV.
All right so you see the idea the predictive model will target your customers and then the advertising
team will use the results of this breaks of model to optimize the targeting of future customers.
And that is why you know the name of the dataset is called social network ad that's easy.
OK.
All right.
So that's the problem I hope you like it.
I hope you're excited to work on it.
And so now we're going to.
Without further ado start are logistic regression implementation on your favorite I.D. whether it is
Google laboratory or Jupiter notebook.
You have the choice but my favorite is by far Google collaborators.
So if you love it to follow me here and now let's re implement this logistic regression implementation
step by step right now it is laying out the notebook and we're about to have it in a second.
There we go.
All right.
So that's the whole notebook.
It is in read only mode.
So right now what we have to do is to create a copy of this notebook and to do this we just have to
click Save a copy and drive.
And this will create a copy as you can see of this notebook in which we will be able to re-employment
the whole model from scratch.
All right great.
So as usual the first thing we're going to do is to delete all the code cells.
Right.
Because I want you to take action.
I want you to learn by doing so I really really want you to re implement all these code cells from scratch.
So we're going to delete all of them to do this we just have to click them and then click the trust
button here.
Just do as I do.
All right and make sure not to delete the text sales because we want to keep that well highlighted structure
right features killing.
So yes there will be feature scaling for logistic regression and I will explain why.
All right.
And now we train the logistic regression model breaking new result.
And you really have everything in its implementation you'll see that you will learn how to predict an
ensemble of results you know in the desert to also learn how to predict a single result like you know
when you deploy your model in production when you want to predict a single observation.
So now confusion matrix that is to evaluate your model and of course the visualizations at GM.
And once again I chose a data set of only two features right The Age and the estimated salary so that
we can indeed visualize the results Indian on the training set and on the test set.
Because remember in the plot each dimension corresponds to one feature and therefore there are as many
dimensions as there are features.
And so since we have two features we'll have a nice 2D plot and that's exactly the reason why I needed
to take two features but no worries the implementations were about to make works for any data set regardless
the number of features.
And I will prove this to you at the end of this part when deploying all our classification models on
a brand new generic dataset with more features.
And this is how I will also teach you on how to select the best model.
All right.
So there you go.
I hope you're excited both by the problem case study and this implementation.
And now before we finish and move onto the next tutorial.
Well I would like you to do a little exercise now that you saw the dataset and understands it.
And since you also have your data processing template Well there you go the exercise is I would like
you to implement on your own the data repricing phase up to this step you know feature scaling.
So basically I would like to implement on your own this step empowering the libraries and this step
point the data set and the steps bringing the data set into the training set and to set.
And finally this last step of the data repricing phase feature scaling.
All right.
So please try to use of course your data repricing template and of course your data repricing toolkit
because indeed in order to implement that step you will need to grab a tool of your data progressing
toolkit.
And I'm sure you will find it so you can only do this on your own.
There is no trap.
It's actually super easy.
And of course we will implement the solution together in an extra trial.
So I can't wait to see what you end up with.
And I'm sure we will end up with the same thing.
So let's see.
And until then enjoy machine learning.